.TH "use" 1 "February 1, 2024" "Escalante-Notario, Perez-Martinez, Ramos-Sanchez and Vaudrevange"


.SH NAME
use

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B use [OPTIONS]

.SH DESCRIPTION
This command changes the currently used labels for the massless fields of the spectrum to another set of labels previously created. 

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B label(i)

It changes the currently labels for the fields in the massless spectrum for other labels specified by the index i = 1,2,...,n, where n is the total number of labels (previously created).  

.SH EXAMPLES
\(bu The following command changes the currently used labels of the massless spectrum to the second labels in a list of i = 1,2,...,n labels.  

.B use label(2)

Then, a message indicating the number (i) of label used is shown. 

NOTES. The masless spectrum with the corresponding labels for the fields can be seen with the command 'print labels' in this label directory. The current vev-configuration and the number i of label used from a total number n of created labels can be seen with the command 'print configs' in the vev-config directory.

\(bu An explicit example is shown next. Consider the Z3 orbifold model named Z3_1_1, and in the vev-configuration 'TestConfig1'. Suppose the command 'create labels' in the label directory was completed two times. Then, in the vev-config directory the use of the command 'print configs' and the corresponding output in the prompt reads, for example,

/Z3_1_1/vev-config/> print configs

  list of vev-configurations: 
     label             | field label # |
    -------------------------------------- 
     "StandardConfig1" |        1 /  1 | 
  -> "TestConfig1"     |        3 /  3 | 

This indicates that the current vev-configuration is TestConfig1 and that the current used labels correspond to i = 3, also that there are n = 3 labels currently available indicated by the fraction 3 / 3 = i / n, where i = 1, 2, 3.  Note that the labels for i = 1 are those automatically assigned by the orbifolder, and the labels for i = 2,3 correspond to the labels manually assigned by the user with the command 'create labels' used twice.

Next, in the labels directory the use of the command

.B use label(2)

produces the following output in the prompt,

/Z3_1_1/vev-config/labels/> use label(2)

  Now using label #2.

The corresponding field labels for i = 2 can be seen with the command 'print labels' in the labels directory. The output reads, for example,

/Z3_1_1/vev-config/labels/> print labels

  Using label #2 of the fields.

  Gauge group in vev-configuration "TestConfig1": SO(10) x SU(3) and SO(16) and U(1)
  First U(1) is anomalous with tr Q_anom = 20736.00.

    3 ( 10,  3,  1)_s  U(1) : (  -24)  a_1 - a_3 
    3 (  1,  3,  1)_s  U(1) : (   48)  b_1 - b_3 
   27 ( 10,  1,  1)_s  U(1) : (  -24)  g_1 - g_27 
   27 (  1,  1,  1)_s  U(1) : (   48)  h_1 - h_27 
   81 (  1, -3,  1)_s  U(1) : (    0)  j_1 - j_81 

    1 ( 16,  1,  1)_f  U(1) : (  -36)  c_1 
    1 (  1,  1,-128)_f  U(1) : (    0)  d_1 
    1 (-16,  1,  1)_f  U(1) : (   36)  e_1 
    3 ( 16,  3,  1)_f  U(1) : (   12)  f_1 - f_3 
   27 ( 16,  1,  1)_f  U(1) : (   12)  i_1 - i_27 
    1 ( 10,  1, 16)_f  U(1) : (    0)  k_1 
    3 (  1, -3, 16)_f  U(1) : (   24)  l_1 - l_3 
   27 (  1,  1, 16)_f  U(1) : (   24)  m_1 - m_27 

where the corresponding created labels for i = 2 are now displayed. Here, it is understood that the user create those labels by using the command 'create labels'.

Going back to the vev-config directory the command 'print configs' now displays the following information

/Z3_1_1/vev-config/> print configs

  list of vev-configurations: 
     label             | field label # |
    -------------------------------------- 
     "StandardConfig1" |        1 /  1 | 
  -> "TestConfig1"     |        2 /  3 | 

This indicates that the currently vev-configuration is TestConfig1 and the labels used for the fields correspond to i = 2 of a total of n = 3 labels as the fraction 2 / 3 = i / n says.

.SH AUTHOR
E. Escalante-Notario, R. Perez-Martinez, S. Ramos-Sanchez and P.K.S. Vaudrevange

.SH SEE ALSO
Related here article, additional documentation.

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Reporting bugs and problems, in this link https://github.com/enriqueescalante/Orbifolder_N-0/issues/new

.SH VERSION
1.0
