INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS 
=========================

1. Change to the directory where this INSTALL file is located.

2. Run the configure script by typing "./configure" at the command
line. If the configure script fails to generate a Makefile for your
system, please refer to the "Trouble Shooting" section below.

3. Typing "make" (in the same directory) compiles the source code
located in the subdirectories "src/io", "src/linalg",
"src/groupTheory", "src/orbifolder".

4. Finally, typing "make install" copies the executable named
"orbifolder" to the current directory.

5. To run the executable, type "./orbifolder".

For more details on installing and running the program, you may also
refer to "Section 3: Donwload & Installation" of hep-th/1110.xxxx.

TROUBLE SHOOTING 
================

1. Boost AND GSL not installed?
-------------------------------

For compiling the code, the libraries Boost and GSL (GNU Scientific
Library) must be installed on your system. If they are not, the
configure script will fail.

For Fedora, you can install the required libraries with the package
management utility:

yum -y install gsl gsl-devel boost boost-devel

For Ubuntu, the command reads:

sudo apt-get libgsl0-dev libboost-math-dev

To install new packages on your computer, you may need system
administrator privileges.


2. Boost and/or GSL have non-standard installation path?
--------------------------------------------------------

If you are sure that the Boost library (with version number 1.0 or
higher) is installed on your system, but the configure script still
cannot find it, then you may need to provide the full installation
path to the configure script. If your Boost header files (*.hpp) are
under "<path-to-boost>/include/boost" and your boost libraries (*.so)
are under "<path-to-boost>/lib/", then

./configure --with-boost=<path-to-boost>

should correctly work on your system. Note that in the command above,
the angular brackets "<" and ">" are to be omitted and no quotation
marks are required.

To be concrete, the following line will correctly generate the
Makefiles on a 32bit system at DESY:

./configure --with-boost=/afs/desy.de/group/theorie/software/ELF32/

If you are compiling on a 64bit machine, the configure options need a
slight modification:

./configure --with-boost=/afs/desy.de/group/theorie/software/ELF64/

Similar switches can tell the compiler where GSL is located (try
./configure --help).

