.TH "set" 1 "February 1, 2024" "Escalante-Notario, Perez-Martinez, Ramos-Sanchez and Vaudrevange"

.SH NAME
set

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B set [OPTIONS]

.SH DESCRIPTION
This command sets shifts and Wilson lines. 

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B shift V = <16D vector>

This is for ZN orbifolds.

.TP
.B shift V(i) = <16D vector>   

For i = 1,2. This is for ZNxZK orbifolds.

.TP
.B shift standard embedding 

It indicates that the three first components of the shift vector V=(V1,V2,V3,0^5,0^8) are taken from the twist vector v = (0,v1,v2,v3) of the ZN orbifold model such that V1=v1, V2=v2 and V3=v3. Analogous assignations are presented for the two shifts and twist vectors in ZNxZK orbifolds. 


.TP
.B WL W(i) = <16D vector>                

For i = 1,2,...,6, since there are six Wilson lines.
  
.SH EXAMPLES
\(bu The following command sets the shift vector of the Z3_1_1 orbifold model to a 16D vector

.B set shift V = (-7/6, -5/6, -1/6, -1/6, -1/6, -1/6, -1/6, 1/6, -7/6, -1/6, 1/6, 1/6, 1/6, 1/6, 1/6, 1/2)

\(bu The following commands sets the first shift vector of the Z3xZ3_1_1 orbifold model to a 16D vector

.B set shift V(1) = (-1/6, -1/6, -1/6, -1/6, -1/6, -1/6, 1/2, 1/2, -11/6, -1/6, -1/6, 1/6, 1/6, 1/6, 1/6, 5/6)

and the following commands sets the second shift vector of the Z3xZ3_1_1 orbifold model to a 16D vector

.B set shift V(2) = (1/6, 1/6, 1/6, 1/6, 1/6, 5/6, -11/6, 1/6, 1/2, -5/6, 1/2, -1/6, 1/6, 1/6, 13/6, -7/6)

\(bu The following command sets the third Wilson line of the Z3xZ3_1_1 orbifold model to a 16D vector 

.B set WL W(3) = (-11/6, -7/6, -1/6, -1/6, 1/6, -7/6, 5/6, 5/6, 11/6, 7/6, -3/2, 1/6, 1/6, 5/6, 13/6, -1/6)

\(bu The following command sets the standard embedding for ZN or ZNxZK orbifolds.

.B set shift standard embedding

For instance, in a Z3 orbifold model the shift vector in the standard embedding is

 V = (1/3, 1/3, -2/3, 0^5, 0^8)

since the twist vector is v = (0, 1/3, 1/3, -2/3).

\(bu NOTE. After setting the shifts and/or Wilson lines the orbifolder checks their consistency conditions and computes the new spectrum when
the input data is complete and correct.  

.SH AUTHOR
E. Escalante-Notario, R. Perez-Martinez, S. Ramos-Sanchez and P.K.S. Vaudrevange

.SH SEE ALSO
Related here article, additional documentation.

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Reporting bugs and problems, in this link https://github.com/enriqueescalante/Orbifolder_N-0/issues/new

.SH VERSION
1.0
