.TH "use" 1 "February 1, 2025" "Escalante-Notario, Perez-Martinez, Ramos-Sanchez and Vaudrevange"

.SH NAME
use 

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B use [OPTIONS] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
This command loads the space group from the i-th geometry file. The list of the geometry files that are compatible with the orbifold point group appear with the command 'print available space groups'. After picking up a different i-th geometry than the current one, the orbifolder asks for input data such as the shifts and Wilson lines in order to complete the orbifold model. 

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B space group(i)

The index i goes from 1 to n, where n is the number of geometries that are consistent with the point group, ZN or ZNxZK, of the orbifold model. 

.SH EXAMPLES
\(bu The following command loads the space group labeled with the number i=3 from a list of orbifold geometries that appear with the command 'print available space groups', previously typed. 

.B use space group(3)

\(bu An explicit example is the following. Consider the Z4_1_1 orbifold model, then the command 'print available space groups' shows in the prompt the following information

 /Z4_1_1/model/> print available space groups

  available Z_4 space groups: 
     # | lattice         | additional label   | geometry file
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
     1 | Z4_1            |                    | "Geometry/Geometry_Z4_1_1.txt"
     2 | Z4_2            |                    | "Geometry/Geometry_Z4_2_1.txt"
     3 | Z4_3            |                    | "Geometry/Geometry_Z4_3_1.txt"

To select the space group associated with the third geometry file type

/Z4_1_1/model/> use space group(3)

Then, the orbifolder asks for the shift and Wilson lines to complete the creation of the orbifold model.


\(bu NOTE. The notation Z4_1_1, Z4_2_1, Z4_3_1 is based in the general notation ZN (i,j) (ZN_i_j) where ZN is the point group and the pair (i,j) indicates the i-th lattice and j-th rototranslation element. When i=1 and j=1 the lattice is factorizable and there are no rototranslations elements.
When i > 1 and j > 1 is the opposite. So, the three Z4 orbifold geometries indicate that there are three distinct lattices (one is factorizable, two are non-factorizable) that are compatible with the Z4 point group, and there are no rototranslations.   

.SH AUTHOR
E. Escalante-Notario, R. Perez-Martinez, S. Ramos-Sanchez and P.K.S. Vaudrevange

.SH SEE ALSO
Related here article, additional documentation.

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Reporting bugs and problems, in this link https://github.com/StringsIFUNAM/nonSUSYorbifolder/issues/new

.SH VERSION
1.0

