.TH "cd" 1 "February 1, 2025" "Escalante-Notario, Perez-Martinez, Ramos-Sanchez and Vaudrevange"

.SH NAME
cd 

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cd [OPTIONS]

.SH DESCRIPTION
In the orbifold directory this command goes to the directories that explore different aspects of the orbifold models.  

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B model

It goes to the model directory.

.TP
.B gauge group

It goes to the gauge group directory.

.TP
.B spectrum

It goes to the spectrum directory.

.TP
.B vev-config

It goes to the vev-config directory.

.TP
.B vev-config/labels

It goes to the vev-config/labels directory.

.TP
.B ..

It goes back one directory.

.TP
.B ~ 

It goes to the main directory.


.SH EXAMPLES

\(bu The following command goes to the gauge group directory.

.B cd gauge group

The next lines in the prompt show the example

  /Z3_1_1/> cd gauge group
  /Z3_1_1/gauge group/> 

Note. In these examples the orbifold directory is named Z3_1_1.

\(bu The following command goes to the model directory.

.B cd model

The next lines in the prompt show the example

  /Z3_1_1/> cd model
  /Z3_1_1/model/> 

\(bu The following command goes back to the previous directory, which in this case is the main directory.

.B cd ..

The next lines in the prompt show the example. 

  /Z3_1_1/> cd ..
  /> 


\(bu The following command goes back to the main directory.

.B cd ~

The next lines in the prompt show the example.

  /Z3_1_1/> cd ~
  /> 

\(bu There are some short cuts that allow to go to any of the following directories

   m   change directory to /model>
   gg  change directory to /gauge group>
   s   change directory to /spectrum>
   v   change directory to /vev-config>
   l   change directory to /vev-config/labels>

The next lines in the prompt show an example.

  /Z3_1_1/> s
  /Z3_1_1/spectrum/> 

Another example is

  /Z3_1_1/> gg
  /Z3_1_1/gauge group/> 


.SH AUTHOR
E. Escalante-Notario, R. Perez-Martinez, S. Ramos-Sanchez and P.K.S. Vaudrevange

.SH SEE ALSO
Related here article, additional documentation.

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Reporting bugs and problems, in this link https://github.com/StringsIFUNAM/nonSUSYorbifolder/issues/new

.SH VERSION
1.0
