.TH "cd" 1 "February 1, 2025" "Escalante-Notario, Perez-Martinez, Ramos-Sanchez and Vaudrevange"

.SH NAME
cd 

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cd [OPTIONS]

.SH DESCRIPTION
This command changes directory. 

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B ..

It goes back one directory.

.TP
.B ~

It goes back to the main directory.


.TP
.B labels

It enters the subdirectory named labels.

.SH EXAMPLES

\(bu The following command goes back to the previous directory.

.B cd ..

The next lines in the prompt show the example. 

  /Z3_1_1/vev-config/> cd ..
  /Z3_1_1/> cd ..
  /> 

\(bu The following command goes back to the main directory.

.B cd ~

The next lines in the prompt show the example.

  /Z3_1_1/vev-config/> cd ~
  /> 


\(bu The following command enters the labels subdirectory.

.B cd labels

The next lines in the prompt show this example.

  /Z3_1_1/vev-config/> cd labels
  /Z3_1_1/vev-config/labels/> 


\(bu There are some short cuts that allow to go to any of the following directories.

   m   change directory to /model>
   gg  change directory to /gauge group>
   s   change directory to /spectrum>
   l   change directory to /vev-config/labels>


The next lines show an example.

  /Z3_1_1/vev-config/> gg
  /Z3_1_1/gauge group/> 


.SH AUTHOR
E. Escalante-Notario, R. Perez-Martinez, S. Ramos-Sanchez and P.K.S. Vaudrevange

.SH SEE ALSO
Related here article, additional documentation.

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Reporting bugs and problems, in this link https://github.com/StringsIFUNAM/nonSUSYorbifolder/issues/new

.SH VERSION
1.0
