.TH "create" 1 "February 1, 2024" "Escalante-Notario, Perez-Martinez, Ramos-Sanchez and Vaudrevange"
.SH NAME
create

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B create [OPTIONS]

 
.SH DESCRIPTION
This command creates a new vev-configuration.
 
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B config(ConfigLabel)


It creates a new vev-configuaration named ConfigLabel. Its origin is the standard vev-configuration named StandardConfig1. 

The command 'create config(ConfigLabel)' can be used with the following parameter

.B \(bu from(AnotherConfigLabel)

It creates a new vev-configuration named ConfigLabel from another defined vev-configuration named AnotherConfigLabel.


.SH EXAMPLES
\(bu The following command creates a new vev-configuration named Test1 from a defined vev-configuration called TestConfig1.

.B create config(Test1) from(TestConfig1)

An explicit example is the following. Consider the Z3 orbifold model named Z3_1_1. The use of this command in the prompt and its output reads, for example,

 /Z3_1_1/vev-config/> create config(Test1) from(TestConfig1)

   Vev-configuration "Test1" created from "TestConfig1".
   Now using new configuration "Test1".

\(bu The following command creates a new vev-configuration named Test2.

.B create config(Test2)

In this case the parameter 'from(AnotherConfigLabel)' is not used. So, the StandardConfig1 is taken as the origin of the new vev-configuration. For example, consider the Z3 orbifold model named Z3_1_1. Then, the use of this command in the prompt and its output reads, for example,

 /Z3_1_1/vev-config/> create config(Test2)
 
   Vev-configuration "Test2" created from "StandardConfig1".
   Now using new configuration "Test2".
 
\(bu The following command creates a new vev-configuration called TestSM from a defined vev-configuration named SMConfig1.

.B create config(TestSM) from(SMConfig1)

For example, consider SM-like model named Model_SM3. The current vev-configuration is SMConfig1. Then, the use of this command in the prompt and its corresponding output reads, for example,

 /Model_SM3/vev-config/> create config(TestSM) from(SMConfig1)

   Vev-configuration "TestSM1" created from "SMConfig1".
   Now using new configuration "TestSM1".

NOTE. The currently defined vev-configurations for the orbifold model can be seen with the command 'print configs'. 

.SH AUTHOR
E. Escalante-Notario, R. Perez-Martinez, S. Ramos-Sanchez and P.K.S. Vaudrevange

.SH SEE ALSO
Related here article, additional documentation.

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Reporting bugs and problems, in this link https://github.com/enriqueescalante/Orbifolder_N-0/issues/new

.SH VERSION
1.0

