.TH "print" 1 "February 1, 2024" "Escalante-Notario, Perez-Martinez, Ramos-Sanchez and Vaudrevange"

.SH NAME
print 

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B print [OPTIONS]

.SH DESCRIPTION

This command prints a list of the current vev-configurations. It also shows the gauge group of the orbifold model in the current vev-configuration. 

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B configs

It prints a list of all currently vev-configurations. They are identified by a label, for example TestConfig1.
  
.TP
.B gauge group

It prints the gauge group in the current vev-configuration of the orbifold model.

.SH EXAMPLES
\(bu The following command prints the list of vev-configurations. 

.B print configs

- An explicit example is the following. Consider the Z3_1_1 orbifold model. The use of this command in the prompt and the output reads, for example,

  /Z3_1_1/vev-config/> print configs

    list of vev-configurations: 
       label             | field label # |
      -------------------------------------- 
       "StandardConfig1" |        1 /  1 | 
    -> "TestConfig1"     |        1 /  1 | 

Note. The current used vev-configuration for the orbifold model is indicated by an arrow.

- Consider now a SM-like model named Model_SM3 in the vev-configuration SMConfig1. The use of the command in the prompt and the output reads,

  /Model_SM3/vev-config/> print configs

    list of vev-configurations: 
       label             | field label # |
      -------------------------------------- 
       "StandardConfig1" |        1 /  1 | 
       "TestConfig1"     |        1 /  1 | 
    -> "SMConfig1"       |        2 /  2 | 

Note. The command 'analyze config' was previously executed and that is why the SMConfig1 was identified for this orbifold model, originally in the vev-configuration named TestConfig1. Also, new labels were assigned to the fields in the spectrum for this SM-like model. The number of field label on the right of the output indicates that. 


\(bu The following command prints the gauge group of an orbifold model in the current vev-configuration

.B print gauge group

- As an example consider the Z3_1_1 orbifold model. The use of this command in the prompt and the output reads, 

  /Z3_1_1/vev-config/> print gauge group

    Gauge group in vev-configuration "TestConfig1": SO(10) x SU(3) and SO(16) and U(1)_1


- Another example is the following. Consider a SM-like model, then the use of this command in the prompt and the corresponding output reads 

  /Model_SM3/vev-config/> print gauge group

    Gauge group in vev-configuration "SMConfig1": SU(3)_C x SU(2)_L x [SU(2)] and [SU(3)] and [U(1)_1] x U(1)_2,Y x [U(1)_3] x [U(1)_4] x [U(1)_5] x [U  (1)_6] x [U(1)_7] x [U(1)_8] x [U(1)_9] x [U(1)_10]

    (factors in brackets, e.g. [SU(2)], belong to the hidden sector in this vev-configuration)

Note. In this model the current vev-configuration is SMConfig1 and gauge groups factors that are not in brackets belong to the observable sector which in this case is the SM gauge group.



.SH AUTHOR
E. Escalante-Notario, R. Perez-Martinez, S. Ramos-Sanchez and P.K.S. Vaudrevange

.SH SEE ALSO
Related here article, additional documentation.

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Reporting bugs and problems, in this link https://github.com/enriqueescalante/Orbifolder_N-0/issues/new

.SH VERSION
1.0

