.TH "rename" 1 "February 1, 2024" "Escalante-Notario, Perez-Martinez, Ramos-Sanchez and Vaudrevange"

.SH NAME
rename 

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rename [OPTIONS]

.SH DESCRIPTION
This command renames a vev-configuration.  

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B config(OldConfigLabel) to(NewConfigLabel)

It renames an existing vev-configuration named OldConfigLabel to a new name indicated by NewConfigLabel. 


.SH EXAMPLES

\(bu The following command renames vev-configuration SMConfig1 to Test2

.B rename config(SMConfig1) to(Test2)

In the prompt, the use of this command and its output reads, for example,

  /Model_SM3/vev-config/> rename config(SMConfig1) to(Test2)

    Vev-configuration "SMConfig1" renamed to "Test2".


\(bu The following command renames the vev-configuration TestConfig1 to Test1

.B rename config(TestConfig1) to(Test1)

The use of this command in the prompt and the output reads, for example,

  /Z3_1_1/vev-config/> rename config(TestConfig1) to(Test1)

    Vev-configuration "TestConfig1" renamed to "Test1".

\(bu NOTE. The StandardConfig1 cannot be renamed. For example, in the prompt this is shown as

  /Z3_1_1/vev-config/> rename config(StandardConfig1) to(Test2)

    Vev-configuration "StandardConfig1" cannot be changed.


.SH AUTHOR
E. Escalante-Notario, R. Perez-Martinez, S. Ramos-Sanchez and P.K.S. Vaudrevange

.SH SEE ALSO
Related here article, additional documentation.

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Reporting bugs and problems, in this link https://github.com/enriqueescalante/Orbifolder_N-0/issues/new

.SH VERSION
1.0

