.TH "select" 1 "February 1, 2025" "Escalante-Notario, Perez-Martinez, Ramos-Sanchez and Vaudrevange"

.SH NAME
select 

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B select [OPTIONS]

.SH DESCRIPTION
This command allows to select different gauge group factors as part of the observable sector from a gauge group in the current vev-configuration of an orbifold model. 

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B observable sector: [parameters]

where the possible parameters are the following

.B \(bu gauge group(i,j,...)

for i,j = 1,..., number of non-Abelian gauge factors. The gauge group can be seen with the command 'print gauge group' and
from this the position i,j for the i-th and j-th gauge group factor can be known. The selected gauge groups will be part of the observable sector, and the remaining ones form the hidden sector.


.B \(bu full gauge group

All non-Abelian gauge group factos are chosen as part of the observable sector.


.B \(bu no gauge groups

None of the non-Abelian gauge group factors are part of the observable sector, i.e. all of them belong to the hidden sector.


The following three parameters appear only if the four dimensional gauge group contains Abelian gauge groups U(1).

.B \(bu U1s(i,j,...) 

for i,j = 1,..., number of Abelian U1 gauge factors. The gauge group can be seen with the command 'print gauge group' and
from this the position i,j for the i-th and j-th Abelian gauge group factor can be known. The selected Abelian gauge groups will be part of the observable sector, and the remaining ones form the hidden sector.


.B \(bu all U1s

All Abelian U(1) factors are part of the observable sector.


.B \(bu no U1s

None of the Abelian U(1) factors form part of the observable sector, i.e. all of them belong to the hidden sector.

.SH EXAMPLES

\(bu Consider the Z3_1_1 orbifold model. The four-dimensional gauge group is SO(10) x SU(3) x SO(16) x U(1), and it can be seen with the command 'print gauge group'. Its use in the prompt and the output reads, for example,

  /Z3_1_1/vev-config/> print gauge group

    Gauge group in vev-configuration "TestConfig1": SO(10) x SU(3) and SO(16) and U(1)_1

Now, some examples of the command 'select observable sector: parameters' are shown using the previous model. 

- The following command selects SO(10) x SO(16) x U(1) as part of the observable sector while SU(3) is in the hidden sector. Gauge group factors in the hidden sector appear in brackets. 

.B select observable sector: gauge group(1,3)

The use of this command in the prompt and the output reads, for example,

  /Z3_1_1/vev-config/> select observable sector: gauge group(1,3)

    Observable sector changed:  Gauge group in vev-configuration "TestConfig1": SO(10) x [SU(3)] and SO(16) and U(1)_1


- The following command selects U(1) as the observable sector, i.e. all non-Abelian gauge factors belong to the hidden sector, which will appear inside brackets, for example [SO(10)] x [SU(3)] x [SO(16)] x U(1). 

.B select observable sector: no gauge groups
 
The explicit use of this command in the prompt and the output reads, for example, 

  /Z3_1_1/vev-config/> select observable sector: no gauge groups

    Observable sector changed.
    Gauge group in vev-configuration "TestConfig1": [SO(10)] x [SU(3)] and [SO(16)] and U(1)_1


- The following command selects all non-Abelian groups as the observable sector. The U(1) belongs to the hidden sector.

.B select observable sector: no U1s

The use of this command in the prompt and the corresponding output reads,

  /Z3_1_1/vev-config/> select observable sector: no U1s

    Observable sector changed.  Gauge group in vev-configuration "TestConfig1": SO(10) x SU(3) and SO(16) and [U(1)_1]


- It is possible to combine parameters. For instance, the following command selects SU(3) x SO(16) as the observable sector and the remaining two gauge groups, SO(10) x U(1), as the hidden sector. Recall that gauge group factors that belong to the hidden sector appear in brackets. 

.B select observable sector: gauge group(2,3) no U1s 

Its use in the prompt and the output reads, for example,

  /Z3_1_1/vev-config/> select observable sector: gauge group(2,3) no U1s 

    Observable sector changed:  Gauge group in vev-configuration "TestConfig1": [SO(10)] x SU(3) and SO(16) and U(1)_1

    Observable sector changed.  Gauge group in vev-configuration "TestConfig1": [SO(10)] x SU(3) and SO(16) and [U(1)_1]


\(bu Now consider a SM-like model in the vev-configuration SMConfig1. The observable sector is formed by the Standard Model gauge group SU(3)_C x SU(2)_L x U(1)_2,Y, and the remaining gauge groups belong to the hidden sector. This information can be seen with the command 'print gauge group'. The use of this command in the prompt and its output reads, for example,  

  /Model_SM3/vev-config/> print gauge group

    Gauge group in vev-configuration "SMConfig1": SU(3)_C x SU(2)_L x [SU(2)] and [SU(3)] and [U(1)_1] x U(1)_2,Y x [U(1)_3] x [U(1)_4] x [U(1)_5] x [U (1)_6] x [U(1)_7] x [U(1)_8] x [U(1)_9] x [U(1)_10]

    (factors in brackets, e.g. [SU(2)], belong to the hidden sector in this vev-configuration)

Next, an example of the command 'select observable sector: parameters' is shown using the previous model.

- The following command selects SU(3)_C x SU(2)_L x SU(3) x U(1)_2,Y x U(1)_5 as the observable sector, and all other gauge group factors as the hiddent sector.

.B select observable sector: gauge group(1,2,4) U1s(2,5)

The use of this command in the prompt and its output reads, for example,

  /Model_SM3/vev-config/> select observable sector: gauge group(1,2,4) U1s(2,5)

    Observable sector changed:  Gauge group in vev-configuration "SMConfig1": SU(3)_C x SU(2)_L x [SU(2)] and SU(3) and [U(1)_1] x U(1)_2,Y x [U(1)_3]   x [U(1)_4] x [U(1)_5] x [U(1)_6] x [U(1)_7] x [U(1)_8] x [U(1)_9] x [U(1)_10]

    Observable sector changed.  Gauge group in vev-configuration "SMConfig1": SU(3)_C x SU(2)_L x [SU(2)] and SU(3) and [U(1)_1] x U(1)_2,Y x [U(1)_3]   x [U(1)_4] x U(1)_5 x [U(1)_6] x [U(1)_7] x [U(1)_8] x [U(1)_9] x [U(1)_10]

NOTE. The current gauge group with its observable and hidden sectors can be seen with the command 'print gauge group', which also displays the currently used vev-configuration for the orbifold model. For instance, the use of this command and its output for the previous example, reads,

  /Model_SM3/vev-config/> print gauge group

    Gauge group in vev-configuration "SMConfig1": SU(3)_C x SU(2)_L x [SU(2)] and SU(3) and [U(1)_1] x U(1)_2,Y x [U(1)_3] x [U(1)_4] x U(1)_5 x [U  (1)_6] x [U(1)_7] x [U(1)_8] x [U(1)_9] x [U(1)_10]

    (factors in brackets, e.g. [SU(2)], belong to the hidden sector in this vev-configuration)



.SH AUTHOR
E. Escalante-Notario, R. Perez-Martinez, S. Ramos-Sanchez and P.K.S. Vaudrevange

.SH SEE ALSO
Related here article, additional documentation.

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Reporting bugs and problems, in this link https://github.com/StringsIFUNAM/nonSUSYorbifolder/issues/new

.SH VERSION
1.0

