.TH "use" 1 "February 1, 2024" "Escalante-Notario, Perez-Martinez, Ramos-Sanchez and Vaudrevange"

.SH NAME
use

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B use [OPTIONS]

.SH DESCRIPTION
This command changes the currently used vev-configuration of an orbifold model to another vev-configuration. 

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B config(ConfigLabel)

The new vev-configuration is named ConfigLabel. 

.SH EXAMPLES
\(bu The following command changes the currently used vev-configuration to the vev-configuration called TestConfig1.

.B use config(TestConfig1)

An explicit example is shown next. Consider a SM-like model labeled as Model_SM3 and in the SMConfig1. The current vev-configurations for this orbifold model can be seen with the command 'print configs'. Its use in the prompt and the output reads, for example,

  /Model_SM3/vev-config/> print configs

    list of vev-configurations: 
       label             | field label # |
      -------------------------------------- 
       "StandardConfig1" |        1 /  1 | 
       "TestConfig1"     |        1 /  1 | 
    -> "SMConfig1"       |        2 /  2 | 


where the arrow indicates the currently used vev-configuration. The use of the command 'use config(TestConfig1)' in the prompt and the corresponding output reads, for example,

  /Model_SM3/vev-config/> use config(TestConfig1)

    Now using vev-configuration "TestConfig1".

The command 'print configs' now shows

  /Model_SM3/vev-config/> print configs

    list of vev-configurations: 
       label             | field label # |
      -------------------------------------- 
       "StandardConfig1" |        1 /  1 | 
    -> "TestConfig1"     |        1 /  1 | 
       "SMConfig1"       |        2 /  2 | 
 

\(bu The following command changes the currently used vev-configuration (TestConfig1 in the previous example) to the vev-configuration SMConfig1.

.B use config(SMConfig1)


.SH AUTHOR
E. Escalante-Notario, R. Perez-Martinez, S. Ramos-Sanchez and P.K.S. Vaudrevange

.SH SEE ALSO
Related here article, additional documentation.

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Reporting bugs and problems, in this link https://github.com/enriqueescalante/Orbifolder_N-0/issues/new

.SH VERSION
1.0
