.TH "print" 1 "February 1, 2024" "Escalante-Notario, Perez-Martinez, Ramos-Sanchez and Vaudrevange"

.SH NAME
print 

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B print [OPTIONS]

.SH DESCRIPTION
This commmand shows general information for the orbifold model spectrum. 


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B summary

This command shows the spectrum and the four dimensional gauge group in the current vev-configuration. The spectrum consists of the scalars and fermion massless fields and their representations and charges under the four dimensional gauge group.    

The command 'print summary' presents additional details for the spectrum by writing print summary [parameters], where parameters can be

.B \(bu with labels

It presents the spectrum with some proper labels. For a given orbifold model and vev-configuration, fields of the four dimensional effective theory are referred with labels. For example, for a model in the vev-configuration TestConfig1 the scalar and fermion fields are labeled as s_1, s_2, ..., s_n and f_1, f_2, ..., f_m, respectively. For a model in the vev-configuration SMConfig1 the scalar and fermions fields are properly labeled, for example
labels as h_1, h_2, ..., h_n denote Higgs doublets and labels as l_1, l_2, l_3 refer to left-handed lepton doublets. 

.B \(bu of sectors

It shows the spectrum classified by the untwisted and twisted sectors where the scalar and fermion fields belong. The twisted sectors are denoted by T(m,n,k), where m,n,k are integer numbers. The untwisted sectors are indicated by T(0,0,0), which appear as U sector in the displayed information of this command. The notation T(m,n,k) is explained in the next parameter.  


.B \(bu of sector T(m,n,k)

It prints the spectrum for the specified sector T(m,n,k). The sector (m,n,k) refers to the untwisted and twisted sectors for the point group ZMxZNxZK = Z2WxZNxZK. The first Z2W is a Z2 symmetry group used in the construction of the non-SUSY heterotic string from the SUSY heterotic string. It is used internally in the non-SUSY orbifolder, so it is needed to specify all sectors when using this command. The letter W in Z2W refers to E. Witten who considered a Z2 symmetry in this construction. 

Let us show some examples. For a Z3 point group we have Z2WxZ3 = ZMxZN, i.e. M=2, N=3. A sector T(m,n,k) = T(0,2,0) means the untwisted sector of Z2W and the second twisted sector of Z3. Now consider a Z3xZ3 orbifold, then internally it corresponds to Z2WxZ3xZ3 = ZMxZNxZK, i.e. M=2, N=3 and K = 3. A sector T(m,n,k) = T(1,2,1) refers to the twisted sector of Z2W, the second twisted sector of Z3 and the first twisted sector of the last Z3. A sector T(0,0,0) indicates the untwisted sector for Z2WxZNxZk and Z2WxZN. Recall that a cylic group of order N is defined as ZN = {u^n such that u^(0 mod N) = 1}, where n = 0,1,2,3,...,N-1. The element u in ZN is the generator of this group. The sector associated to n = 0 is the untwisted sector, and the sectors corresponding to n = 1,2,3,...,N-1 are the twisted sectors.   

 
.B \(bu of fixed points

This command presents the sector (m,n,k), the label for the fixed point and six integer numbers n_a = (n1,n2,n3,n4,n5,n6) of the translational part of the space group element associated to the fixed point, the 16D localization vector V_loc, and the field representation under the four dimensional gauge group in the current vev-configuration. If some sector does not contain particle fields then the word empty appears insted of the representation. 

The notation (m,n,k) (n1,n2,n3,n4,n5,n6) refers to the space group element g=(t^m u^n v^k, n1 e1 + n2 e2 + ... + n6 e6), where t, u and v are the generators for ZM=Z2W, ZN and ZK, respectively. This is for the point group ZMxZNxZK = Z2WxZNxZK. Also, m = 0,1, n = 0,1,2,...,N-1 and k = 0,1,2,...,K-1. The set of integer numbers n_a = (n1,n2,...,n6) indicates n_1 e_1 + n_2 e_2 + ... + n_6 e_6, where e_a, a = 1,...,6, are the lattice basis vectors. Each fixed point has a corresponding space group element called constructing element. So, a fixed point can be specified by the set of numbers (m,n,k)(n1,n2,...,n6) meaning (t^m u^n v^k, n1 e1 + n2 e2 + ... + n6 e6). The part (t^m u^n v^k) is the rotational part and it is used to
specify the untwisted and twisted sectors by the set of numbers (m,n,k). The the linear combination (n1 e1 + .... + n6 e6) is the translational part of the space group element. In case of rototranslations the numbers n_a are fractional.  


.B \(bu of fixed point(label)

It prints the same information as the previous command but only for the fixed point with the specified label. 

.B \(bu of fixed point(m,n,k,n1,n2,n3,n4,n5,n6)

It displays the same details as print summary of fixed point(label) but now by providing the sector (m,n,k) and the set of integer numbers n_a = (n1,n2,...,n6) that specify the fixed point instead of the label. 

Recall that the label for the fixed point, the sector (m,n,k) and the numbers n_a are provided with the command 'print summary of fixed points'. 

.B \(bu no U1s

It shows the spectrum without the U(1) charges. The parameters 'no U1s' and 'with labels' can be used with the command print summary and with the parameters: of sectors, of sector T(m,n,k), of fixed points, of fixed point(label), of fixed point(m,n,k,n1,n2,n3,n4,n5,n6). 

.TP
.B (fields)

For a specified field label this command shows the sector (m,n,k), the numbers n_a = (n1,n2,...,n6) of the translational part, the space group charges (discrete non R symmetries), the representaion of the field under the four dimensional gauge group in the current vev-configuration, the left-moving momentum, the right-moving momentum, and the oscillators acting on left states. 

Recall that for a given orbifold model and vev-configuration, fields of the four dimensional effective theory are refered with labels, which can be seen with the command 'print summary with labels'. 

The word fields inside the parentheses of print(fields) refers to the label of a field or a set of labels for fields. For instance, print(s_7) displays the respective information for the scalar field labeled as s_7, while print(f_1 s_7) presents the details for the femion field f_1 and the scalar field s_7. Use print(*) to access all fields in the spectrum. Other options are shown in the examples section. 

The command print(fields) can be used with the following parameter

.B \(bu with internal information

In this case additional details for the fields such as the gamma phases, internalIndex and field number are also printed. They represent internal information about how the fields' data can be accessed in the C++ source code of the orbifolder.

.TP
.B all states

For all fields in the spectrum of an orbifold model this command presents the following information: the untwisted and twisted sectors (m,n,k), the numbers n_a = (n1,n2,...,n6) of the translational part of the constructing element, the label for the fixed point, the representation of the field under the four dimensional gauge group in the current vev-configuration, the field label, the left-moving momentum, the right-moving momentum and the gamma phases. 


.TP
.B list of charges(fields)

This command prints the left-moving momenta, the right-moving momentum and the space group charges (discrete non R symmetries) for fields specified by their labels. For example print list of charges(s_1 f_7), print list of charges(f_5), etc. The same options for fields in the command 'print(fields)' also apply here, for example use (*) in (fields) to consider all fields in the spectrum. This command can be used with the following parameter

.B \(bu label of list(Label)

In this case the information displayed from 'print list of charges(fields)' is tagged as Label.


.SH EXAMPLES


\(bu The following command prints the massless scalar and fermion spectrum, the current vev-configuration and the 4D gauge group for the orbifold model.   

.B print summary

For example, consider the Z3 orbifold model named Z3_1_1. The use of this command in the prompt and its output reads,

  /Z3_1_1/spectrum/> print summary

    Gauge group in vev-configuration "TestConfig1": SO(10) x SU(3) and SO(16) and U(1)
    First U(1) is anomalous with tr Q_anom = 20736.00.

      3 ( 10,  3,  1)_s  U(1) : (  -24) 
      3 (  1,  3,  1)_s  U(1) : (   48) 
     27 ( 10,  1,  1)_s  U(1) : (  -24) 
     27 (  1,  1,  1)_s  U(1) : (   48) 
     81 (  1, -3,  1)_s  U(1) : (    0) 

      1 ( 16,  1,  1)_f  U(1) : (  -36) 
      1 (  1,  1,-128)_f  U(1) : (    0) 
      1 (-16,  1,  1)_f  U(1) : (   36) 
      3 ( 16,  3,  1)_f  U(1) : (   12) 
     27 ( 16,  1,  1)_f  U(1) : (   12) 
      1 ( 10,  1, 16)_f  U(1) : (    0) 
      3 (  1, -3, 16)_f  U(1) : (   24) 
     27 (  1,  1, 16)_f  U(1) : (   24) 
 

\(bu The following command prints the same information as the previous command 'print summary' but now the labels for the fields are displayed.

.B print summary with labels

For example, using the Z3 orbifold model, one sees

  /Z3_1_1/spectrum/> print summary with labels

    Gauge group in vev-configuration "TestConfig1": SO(10) x SU(3) and SO(16) and U(1)
    First U(1) is anomalous with tr Q_anom = 20736.00.

      3 ( 10,  3,  1)_s  U(1) : (  -24)  s_1 - s_3 
      3 (  1,  3,  1)_s  U(1) : (   48)  s_4 - s_6 
     27 ( 10,  1,  1)_s  U(1) : (  -24)  s_7 s_12 s_17 s_22 s_27 s_32 s_37 s_42 s_47 s_52 s_57 s_62 s_67 s_72 s_77 s_82 s_87 s_92 s_97 s_102 s_107   s_112 s_117 s_122 s_127 s_132 s_137 
     27 (  1,  1,  1)_s  U(1) : (   48)  s_8 s_13 s_18 s_23 s_28 s_33 s_38 s_43 s_48 s_53 s_58 s_63 s_68 s_73 s_78 s_83 s_88 s_93 s_98 s_103 s_108   s_113 s_118 s_123 s_128 s_133 s_138 
     81 (  1, -3,  1)_s  U(1) : (    0)  s_9 - s_11 s_14 - s_16 s_19 - s_21 s_24 - s_26 s_29 - s_31 s_34 - s_36 s_39 - s_41 s_44 - s_46 s_49 - s_51   s_54 - s_56 s_59 - s_61 s_64 - s_66 s_69 - s_71 s_74 - s_76 s_79 - s_81 s_84 - s_86 s_89 - s_91 s_94 - s_96 s_99 - s_101 s_104 - s_106 s_109 - s_111   s_114 - s_116 s_119 - s_121 s_124 - s_126 s_129 - s_131 s_134 - s_136 s_139 - s_141 

      1 ( 16,  1,  1)_f  U(1) : (  -36)  f_1 
      1 (  1,  1,-128)_f  U(1) : (    0)  f_2 
      1 (-16,  1,  1)_f  U(1) : (   36)  f_3 
      3 ( 16,  3,  1)_f  U(1) : (   12)  f_4 - f_6 
     27 ( 16,  1,  1)_f  U(1) : (   12)  f_7 - f_33 
      1 ( 10,  1, 16)_f  U(1) : (    0)  f_34 
      3 (  1, -3, 16)_f  U(1) : (   24)  f_35 - f_37 
     27 (  1,  1, 16)_f  U(1) : (   24)  f_38 - f_64 

Another example is the following. Consider a SM-like model called Model_SM3 in the vev-configuration SMConfig1. Then, the use of the command and its output reads, for example,

  /Model_SM3/spectrum/> print summary with labels

    Gauge group in vev-configuration "SMConfig1": SU(3)_C x SU(2)_L and U(1)_Y

      3 (  3,  1)_s  U(1) : ( -1/3)  sd_1 sd_2 
     32 (  1,  1)_s  U(1) : (    0)  sn_1 - sn_26 
      3 (  1,  2)_s  U(1) : (  1/2)  bh_1 bh_2 
     60 (  1,  1)_s  U(1) : (  1/3)  sx_1 - sx_42 
     72 (  1,  1)_s  U(1) : ( -1/3)  bsx_1 - bsx_54 
     15 (  1,  1)_s  U(1) : (  2/3)  sz_1 - sz_9 
      3 (  1,  2)_s  U(1) : ( -1/6)  sx2_1 - sx2_3 
      3 (  1,  1)_s  U(1) : ( -2/3)  bsz_1 - bsz_3 
      3 (  1,  2)_s  U(1) : (  1/6)  bsx2_1 - bsx2_3 
      3 (  3,  1)_s  U(1) : (  1/3)  sy2_1 - sy2_3 
      9 ( -3,  1)_s  U(1) : (  1/3)  bsd_1 - bsd_9 

    183 (  1,  1)_f  U(1) : (    0)  n_1 - n_107 

      3 (  3,  2)_f  U(1) : (  1/6)  q_1 q_2 
      3 ( -3,  1)_f  U(1) : ( -2/3)  bu_1 bu_2 
      5 ( -3,  1)_f  U(1) : (  1/3)  bd_1 - bd_3 
      2 (  3,  1)_f  U(1) : ( -1/3)  d_1 d_2 
      5 (  1,  2)_f  U(1) : ( -1/2)  l_1 - l_3 
      2 (  1,  2)_f  U(1) : (  1/2)  bl_1 bl_2 
      3 (  1,  1)_f  U(1) : (    1)  be_1 be_2 

     21 (  1,  1)_f  U(1) : ( -2/3)  v_1 - v_21 
     21 (  1,  1)_f  U(1) : (  2/3)  bv_1 - bv_21 
    120 (  1,  1)_f  U(1) : (  1/3)  w_1 - w_78 
    120 (  1,  1)_f  U(1) : ( -1/3)  bw_1 - bw_78 
     18 ( -3,  1)_f  U(1) : (    0)  y_1 - y_18 
     18 (  3,  1)_f  U(1) : (    0)  by_1 - by_18 

      3 (  3,  1)_f  U(1) : (  1/3)  v2_1 - v2_3 
     15 (  1,  2)_f  U(1) : ( -1/6)  w2_1 - w2_15 
      3 ( -3,  1)_f  U(1) : ( -1/3)  bv2_1 - bv2_3 
     15 (  1,  2)_f  U(1) : (  1/6)  bw2_1 - bw2_15 

Note. The labels s_1, ... and f_1, ... are the standard labels for any orbifold model in the standard vev-configuartions TestConfig1 and StandardConfig1. For orbifold models where a SM, PS or SU(5) vacua can de defined, proper labels for the fields are assigned automatically by the orbifolder. This is done in the vev-config directory with the command 'analyze config'. See, for some help, man analyze in the vev-config directory. 


\(bu The following command shows the massless spectrum without the U(1)s charges.

.B print summary no U1s

For instance, consider Z3 orbifold model named Z3_1_1. Then, the use of this command and its output reads,

  /Z3_1_1/spectrum/> print summary no U1s

    Gauge group in vev-configuration "TestConfig1": SO(10) x SU(3) and SO(16)

      3 ( 10,  3,  1)_s 
      3 (  1,  3,  1)_s 
     27 ( 10,  1,  1)_s 
     27 (  1,  1,  1)_s 
     81 (  1, -3,  1)_s 

     28 ( 16,  1,  1)_f 
      1 (  1,  1,-128)_f 
      1 (-16,  1,  1)_f 
      3 ( 16,  3,  1)_f 
      1 ( 10,  1, 16)_f 
      3 (  1, -3, 16)_f 
     27 (  1,  1, 16)_f 


It is possible to combine parameters, for example, if one wants to see the labels for the fields and no U(1) charges, then the following command does the job.

.B print summary with labels no U1s


\(bu The following command prints the massless spectrum classified by the untiwsted and twisted sectors. It also shows the current vev-configuration and the 4D gauge group of the orbifold model. 

.B print summary of sectors

For example, consider the Z3 orbifold model labeled Z3_1_1. The use of this command and its output reads,

  /Z3_1_1/spectrum/> print summary of sectors

    Gauge group in vev-configuration "TestConfig1": SO(10) x SU(3) and SO(16) and U(1)
    First U(1) is anomalous with tr Q_anom = 20736.00.

    U Sector:
      3 ( 10,  3,  1)_s  U(1) : (  -24) 
      3 (  1,  3,  1)_s  U(1) : (   48) 

    U Sector:
      1 ( 16,  1,  1)_f  U(1) : (  -36) 
      1 (  1,  1,-128)_f  U(1) : (    0) 
      1 (-16,  1,  1)_f  U(1) : (   36) 
      3 ( 16,  3,  1)_f  U(1) : (   12) 

    T(0,1,0) Sector:   empty

    T(0,1,0) Sector:   empty

    T(0,2,0) Sector:
     27 ( 10,  1,  1)_s  U(1) : (  -24) 
     27 (  1,  1,  1)_s  U(1) : (   48) 
     81 (  1, -3,  1)_s  U(1) : (    0) 

    T(0,2,0) Sector:
     27 ( 16,  1,  1)_f  U(1) : (   12) 

    T(1,0,0) Sector:   empty

    T(1,0,0) Sector:
      1 ( 10,  1, 16)_f  U(1) : (    0) 
      3 (  1, -3, 16)_f  U(1) : (   24) 

    T(1,1,0) Sector:   empty

    T(1,1,0) Sector:
     27 (  1,  1, 16)_f  U(1) : (   24) 

    T(1,2,0) Sector:   empty

    T(1,2,0) Sector:   empty


\(bu The following command presents the same information as the previous command but now with the labels for the fields and no U(1)s charges. 

.B print summary of sectors with labels no U1s


\(bu The following command shows the massless spectrum that belongs to the twisted sector T(0,2,0) for the Z3 orbifold model presented above.

.B print summary of sector T(0,2,0)

The use of this command and its output reads,

  /Z3_1_1/spectrum/> print summary of sector T(0,2,0)

    T(0,2,0) Sector:
     27 ( 10,  1,  1)_s  U(1) : (  -24) 
     27 (  1,  1,  1)_s  U(1) : (   48) 
     81 (  1, -3,  1)_s  U(1) : (    0) 

    T(0,2,0) Sector:
     27 ( 16,  1,  1)_f  U(1) : (   12) 

\(bu The following command displays the following information for a field or set of fields: the sector (m,n,k), the set of numbers n_a = (n1,n2,...,n6), the space group charges (discrete non R symmetries), the representations of the fields under the 4D gauge group, the left-moving momentum, the right-moving momenta and the oscillators. For example, for a scalar field labeled as s_27 the following command prints the
corresponding information.

.B print(s_27)

As an explicit example, consider the Z3 orbifold named Z3_1_1. Then, the use of this command and its output reads,

  /Z3_1_1/spectrum/> print(s_27)

      s_27
    sector (m,n,k)        : (0, 2, 0)
    fixed point n_a     : (0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0)
    space group charges : (2)

    representation      : ( 10,  1,  1)_s  U(1): (  -24)

    left-moving p_sh    : 
  (-1/3, -1/3, -1/3, -1, 0, 0, 0, 0),  (0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0)
  (-1/3, -1/3, -1/3, 0, -1, 0, 0, 0),  (0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0)
  (-1/3, -1/3, -1/3, 0, 0, -1, 0, 0),  (0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0)
  (-1/3, -1/3, -1/3, 0, 0, 0, -1, 0),  (0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0)
  (-1/3, -1/3, -1/3, 0, 0, 0, 0, -1),  (0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0)
  (-1/3, -1/3, -1/3, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1),  (0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0)
  (-1/3, -1/3, -1/3, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0),  (0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0)
  (-1/3, -1/3, -1/3, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0),  (0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0)
  (-1/3, -1/3, -1/3, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0),  (0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0)
  (-1/3, -1/3, -1/3, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0),  (0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0)

    right-moving q_sh   : (0, -1/3, -1/3, -1/3)
    oscillators         : no


Other options are

.B print(*)

It prints the same kind of information described above but for all fields in the spectrum. The use of the * indicates that all fields are accessed.  
     
.B print(f)

It prints the information for all fermion fields labeled as f_1, f_2, f_3,..., f_n.

.B print(f-f_3)

It prints the information for all fermions fields except f_3.

.B print(s_1 f_1)

It prints the information only for the scalar field s_1 and the fermion field f_1.

.B print(s_1) with internal information

It gives additional information such as the gamma phases, internalIndex and field number for the scalar field labeled as s_1.

\(bu The following command presents the following information for all fields in the spectrum: the sector (m,n,k), the label for the fixed point, the numbers n_a = (n1,n2,...n6) that specify the translational part of the space group element associated to the fixed point, the 16D localization vector V_loc, and the field representations in that sector. If the sector does not contain fields then the word empty is displayed instead of the representations. It also shows, at the beginning, the current vev-configuration and the 4D gauge group. If one of the U(1)s is anomalous then a line indicating this also appears.

.B print summary of fixed points

For example, consider the Z3 orbifold model called Z3_1_1. Then the use of this command and its output reads, e.g.

  /Z3_1_1/spectrum/> print summary of fixed points 

    Gauge group in vev-configuration "TestConfig1": SO(10) x SU(3) and SO(16) and U(1)
    First U(1) is anomalous with tr Q_anom = 20736.00.

    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    sector:      (m,n,k)  = (0, 0, 0)
    fixed point:  U
                n_a   = (    0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0)
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    V_loc = (    0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0),  (    0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0)
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      3 ( 10,  3,  1)_s  U(1) : (  -24) 
      3 (  1,  3,  1)_s  U(1) : (   48) 
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    ...

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    sector:      (m,n,k)  = (0, 2, 0)
    fixed point:  T54
                  n_a   = (    0,     2,     0,     2,     0,     2)
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    V_loc = (  2/3,   2/3,  -4/3,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0),  (    0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0)
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      1 ( 10,  1,  1)_s  U(1) : (  -24) 
      1 (  1,  1,  1)_s  U(1) : (   48) 
      3 (  1, -3,  1)_s  U(1) : (    0) 
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


    ...

  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    sector:      (m,n,k)  = (0, 2, 0)
    fixed point:  T54
                  n_a   = (    0,     2,     0,     2,     0,     2)
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    V_loc = (  2/3,   2/3,  -4/3,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0),  (    0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0)
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      1 ( 16,  1,  1)_f  U(1) : (   12) 
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


    ...

    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    sector:      (m,n,k)  = (1, 2, 0)
    fixed point:  T109
                  n_a   = (    0,     2,     0,     2,     0,     2)
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    V_loc = (  2/3,   2/3,  -4/3,     1,     0,     0,     0,     0),  (    0,     0,     0,     1,     0,     0,     0,     0)
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     empty
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

where ... indicates the respective information for all other fixed points that were not displayed here for space reasons. 


\(bu From the previous example suppose that, for some reasons, we are interested in the fixed point specified by the sector (m,n,k)= (0,2,0) and the set of numbers n_a = (0,2,0,2,0,2) associated to the label T54 as shown in the displayed output above. Then, as an example of the command 'print summary of fixed point(label)' the following instruction displays the corresponding information for this fixed point using the label T54

.B print summary of fixed point(T54)

In the prompt, the use of this command and its output reads,

  /Z3_1_1/spectrum/> print summary of fixed point(T54)

    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    sector:      (m,n,k)  = (0, 2, 0)
    fixed point:  T54
                  n_a   = (    0,     2,     0,     2,     0,     2)
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    V_loc = (  2/3,   2/3,  -4/3,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0),  (    0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0)
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      1 ( 10,  1,  1)_s  U(1) : (  -24) 
      1 (  1,  1,  1)_s  U(1) : (   48) 
      3 (  1, -3,  1)_s  U(1) : (    0) 
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    sector:      (m,n,k)  = (0, 2, 0)
    fixed point:  T54
                  n_a   = (    0,     2,     0,     2,     0,     2)
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    V_loc = (  2/3,   2/3,  -4/3,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0),  (    0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0)
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      1 ( 16,  1,  1)_f  U(1) : (   12) 
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


\(bu The following command prints the same information for the fixed point with label T54 but now using the sector (m,n,k) and the set of numbers (n1,n2,...,n6), which in this case (m,n,k,n1,n2,...,n6) corresponds to (0,2,0,0,2,0,2,0,2). Then, the command

.B print summary of fixed point(0,2,0,0,2,0,2,0,2)

shows an output that looks as in the previous example. 


\(bu The following command shows for all field in the spectrum the sector (m,n,k), the numbers n_a = (n1,n2,...,n6) of the translational part of the constructing element, the label for the fixed point, the representation of the field under the four dimensional gauge group in the current vev-configuration, the field label, the left-moving momenta, the right-moving momentum and the gamma phases.

.B print all states

For example, consider the Z3 orbifold model called Z3_1_1. The use of this command and its output reads, e.g.

  /Z3_1_1/spectrum/> print all states

  ... 

  =========================================================================
    (0, 2, 0) twisted Sector (0, 2, 0) (    0,     2,     0,     2,     0,     2)
    label: T54
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------
      1 ( 16,  1,  1)_f  U(1) : (   12)  f_33 
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------
      left-movers: #(weights) = 16
      (  1/6,   1/6,   1/6,  -1/2,  -1/2,  -1/2,  -1/2,  -1/2),  (    0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0), ( 16,  1,  1)_f  f_33
      (  1/6,   1/6,   1/6,  -1/2,  -1/2,  -1/2,   1/2,   1/2),  (    0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0), ( 16,  1,  1)_f  f_33
      (  1/6,   1/6,   1/6,  -1/2,  -1/2,   1/2,  -1/2,   1/2),  (    0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0), ( 16,  1,  1)_f  f_33
      (  1/6,   1/6,   1/6,  -1/2,  -1/2,   1/2,   1/2,  -1/2),  (    0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0), ( 16,  1,  1)_f  f_33
      (  1/6,   1/6,   1/6,  -1/2,   1/2,  -1/2,  -1/2,   1/2),  (    0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0), ( 16,  1,  1)_f  f_33
      (  1/6,   1/6,   1/6,  -1/2,   1/2,  -1/2,   1/2,  -1/2),  (    0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0), ( 16,  1,  1)_f  f_33
      (  1/6,   1/6,   1/6,  -1/2,   1/2,   1/2,  -1/2,  -1/2),  (    0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0), ( 16,  1,  1)_f  f_33
      (  1/6,   1/6,   1/6,  -1/2,   1/2,   1/2,   1/2,   1/2),  (    0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0), ( 16,  1,  1)_f  f_33
      (  1/6,   1/6,   1/6,   1/2,  -1/2,  -1/2,  -1/2,   1/2),  (    0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0), ( 16,  1,  1)_f  f_33
      (  1/6,   1/6,   1/6,   1/2,  -1/2,  -1/2,   1/2,  -1/2),  (    0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0), ( 16,  1,  1)_f  f_33
      (  1/6,   1/6,   1/6,   1/2,  -1/2,   1/2,  -1/2,  -1/2),  (    0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0), ( 16,  1,  1)_f  f_33
      (  1/6,   1/6,   1/6,   1/2,  -1/2,   1/2,   1/2,   1/2),  (    0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0), ( 16,  1,  1)_f  f_33
      (  1/6,   1/6,   1/6,   1/2,   1/2,  -1/2,  -1/2,  -1/2),  (    0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0), ( 16,  1,  1)_f  f_33
      (  1/6,   1/6,   1/6,   1/2,   1/2,  -1/2,   1/2,   1/2),  (    0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0), ( 16,  1,  1)_f  f_33
      (  1/6,   1/6,   1/6,   1/2,   1/2,   1/2,  -1/2,   1/2),  (    0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0), ( 16,  1,  1)_f  f_33
      (  1/6,   1/6,   1/6,   1/2,   1/2,   1/2,   1/2,  -1/2),  (    0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0), ( 16,  1,  1)_f  f_33
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------
    right-mover: N = 0, #(weights) = 1
      ( -1/2,   1/6,   1/6,   1/6)
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------
    gamma_1 = 0
    gamma_2 = 0
    gamma_3 = 0
    gamma_4 = 0
    gamma_5 = 0
    gamma_6 = 0
    gamma_7 = 0
    gamma_8 = 0
  =========================================================================

  ...

where the ... indicates the corresponding details for all other fields in the spectrum. They are not showed here for space reasons. 

\(bu The following command prints the left-moving momentum, the right-moving momentum, the space group charges (discrete non R symmetries) and the field label for a scalar field with label s_27.

.B print list of charges(s_27) 

For example, for the Z3 orbifold named Z3_1_1 the use of this command and its output reads,

  /Z3_1_1/spectrum/> print list of charges(s_27) 

    ( -1/3,  -1/3,  -1/3,    -1,     0,     0,     0,     0),  (    0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0),  (    0,  -1/3,  -1/3,    -1/3),  (    2),  "s_27"
    ( -1/3,  -1/3,  -1/3,     0,    -1,     0,     0,     0),  (    0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0),  (    0,  -1/3,  -1/3,    -1/3),  (    2),  "s_27"
    ( -1/3,  -1/3,  -1/3,     0,     0,    -1,     0,     0),  (    0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0),  (    0,  -1/3,  -1/3,    -1/3),  (    2),  "s_27"
    ( -1/3,  -1/3,  -1/3,     0,     0,     0,    -1,     0),  (    0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0),  (    0,  -1/3,  -1/3,    -1/3),  (    2),  "s_27"
    ( -1/3,  -1/3,  -1/3,     0,     0,     0,     0,    -1),  (    0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0),  (    0,  -1/3,  -1/3,    -1/3),  (    2),  "s_27"
    ( -1/3,  -1/3,  -1/3,     0,     0,     0,     0,     1),  (    0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0),  (    0,  -1/3,  -1/3,    -1/3),  (    2),  "s_27"
    ( -1/3,  -1/3,  -1/3,     0,     0,     0,     1,     0),  (    0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0),  (    0,  -1/3,  -1/3,    -1/3),  (    2),  "s_27"
    ( -1/3,  -1/3,  -1/3,     0,     0,     1,     0,     0),  (    0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0),  (    0,  -1/3,  -1/3,    -1/3),  (    2),  "s_27"
    ( -1/3,  -1/3,  -1/3,     0,     1,     0,     0,     0),  (    0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0),  (    0,  -1/3,  -1/3,    -1/3),  (    2),  "s_27"
    ( -1/3,  -1/3,  -1/3,     1,     0,     0,     0,     0),  (    0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0),  (    0,  -1/3,  -1/3,    -1/3),  (    2),  "s_27"

Note. This information also appears as part of the details displayed by the command 'print(s_27)'.

The command 'print list of charges(fields)' also has the option

.B label of list(Label)

For example, the command  

.B print list of charges(s_27) label of list(A1)

shows the information displayed from 'print list of charges(s_27)' now labeled as A1. For instance, the output reads,

/Z3_1_1/spectrum/> print list of charges(s_27) label of list(A1)

  A1 = 
  ( -1/3,  -1/3,  -1/3,    -1,     0,     0,     0,     0),  (    0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0,     0),  (    0,  -1/3,  -1/3,  -1/3),  (    2),  "s_27"
 
 ...

where ... indicates the remaining information as shown in the previous example. 




.SH AUTHOR
E. Escalante-Notario, R. Perez-Martinez, S. Ramos-Sanchez and P.K.S. Vaudrevange

.SH SEE ALSO
Related here article, additional documentation.

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Reporting bugs and problems, in this link https://github.com/enriqueescalante/Orbifolder_N-0/issues/new

.SH VERSION
1.0

