.TH "sets" 1 "February 1, 2024" "Escalante-Notario, Perez-Martinez, Ramos-Sanchez and Vaudrevange"

.SH NAME
sets

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B There are different commands that manage sets of fields. The sets are stored in the current vev-configuration of the orbifold model. 

.SH DESCRIPTION
The commands that operate sets of fields are listed below.

.TP
.B create set(SetLabel)

This command creates an empty set named SetLabel.

.TP
.B delete set(SetLabel)

It deletes the set named SetLabel.

.TP
.B delete sets

It delete all sets created.

.TP
.B insert(fields) into set(SetLabel)

It inserts fields into a created set named SetLabel. It can be used with the following parameter

.B if(conditions)

where only the fields that satisfy the condition are inserted in the set called SetLabel.


.TP
.B remove(fields) from set(SetLabel)

It removes the indicated fields from the set named SetLabel. It can be used with the following parameter

.B if(conditions)

where only the fields that satisfy the condition are removed from the set called SetLabel. 

.TP
.B print sets

It shows all created sets. It can be used with the following parameter.

.B if not empty

In this case only the not empty sets are printed. 

.TP
.B print set(SetLabel)

It prints the set called SetLabel.

.TP
.B #fields in set(SetLabel)

It counts the number of fields in the set called SetLabel.


.SH EXAMPLES

The following commands are used in the spectrum directory with the Z3 orbifold in the standard embedding. Its spectrum is in the vev-configuration called TestConfig1. The commands in the provided examples are a guide for using them with other orbifold models in the same or in a distinct vev-configuration.

\(bu The following command creates a set called test1.

.B create set(test1)

The output reads

Empty set "test1" created.

\(bu The following command inserts some fermion and scalar fields into the previously created set.

.B insert(f_4 f_16 s_7 s_1 f_35 s_16) into set(test1)

The output reads

6 fields inserted into set "test1".

\(bu The following command prints the existing sets

.B print sets

The output reads

test1 = {s_1, f_4, s_7, s_16, f_16, f_35}

Note that only the set test1 is printed since it is the only one that was created in this example.

\(bu The following command prints the set called test1.

.B print set(test1)

The output reads

test1 = {s_1, f_4, s_7, s_16, f_16, f_35}

\(bu The following command counts the number of fields in the set called test1.

.B #fields in set(test1)

The output reads

#fields in set "test1" = 6

\(bu The following command removes all fields in the set called test1 fulfilling the condition that their number of oscillators is not equal to zero.

.B remove(*) from set(test1) if(#osci. != 0)

The output reads

  1 field removed from set "test1".

\(bu The following command prints the set called test1.

.B print set(test1)

  test1 = {s_1, f_4, s_7, f_16, f_35}

Note that only the scalar field s_16 was removed in this case.

\(bu The following command deletes the set called test1.

.B delete set(test1)

The output reads

  Set "test1" deleted.

\(bu The following command deletes all sets 

.B delete sets

The output reads

  All sets deleted.
 

.SH AUTHOR
E. Escalante-Notario, R. Perez-Martinez, S. Ramos-Sanchez and P.K.S. Vaudrevange

.SH SEE ALSO
Related here article, additional documentation.

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Reporting bugs and problems, in this link https://github.com/enriqueescalante/Orbifolder_N-0/issues/new

.SH VERSION
1.0

