.TH "load" 1 "February 1, 2025" "Escalante-Notario, Perez-Martinez, Ramos-Sanchez and Vaudrevange"


.SH NAME
load 

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B load [OPTIONS] 

.SH DESCRIPTION
This command loads the orbifold models contained in a file named Filename. Another function of the command is to load and execute a list of commands.  

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B orbifolds(Filename)

.TP
.B orbifold(Filename) 

Both they load orbifold models from a file named Filename. These two commands can be used with the following parameter

.B \(bu inequivalent

In this case, only models with inequivalent massless spectra are loaded. 

.TP
.B program(Filename)

It loads and executes a list of commands from a file named Filename.


.SH EXAMPLES

\(bu The following command loads the orbifold model defined in the file modelZ3_1_1.txt

.B load orbifolds(modelZ3_1_1.txt)

The output reads

  Load orbifolds from file "modelZ3_1_1.txt".
  Orbifold "Z3_1_1" loaded.

Where Z3_1_1 is the orbifold label. It is also the name of the corresponding orbifold directory.

\(bu The following command loads all orbifolds saved in a file named Z3models.txt

.B load orbifold(Z3models.txt)

\(bu The following command loads all orbifolds contained in a file named models.txt

.B load orbifolds(models.txt)

If the file models.txt has 13 models, then the output reads

  Load orbifolds from file "models.txt".
  13 orbifolds loaded.

Where the 13 corresponding orbifold labels are the names of the 13 orbifold directories where each orbifold model is stored.


\(bu Suppose that in the previous example the file models.txt contains 3 equivalent models, then the following command loads only the inequivalent models

.B load orbifolds(models.txt) inequivalent

The output reads,

  Load inequivalent orbifolds from file "models.txt".
  10 orbifolds loaded.

Recall that the orbifold labels are the names of the orbifold directories.

\(bu The following command loads and executes the commands from the file named commands.txt

.B load program(commands.txt)

As an example, suppose the file commands.txt contains the following list of commands

  load orbifolds(modelZ3_1_1.txt)
  cd Z3_1_1
  cd spectrum
  print summary
  cd ..
  cd model 
  print twist
  cd ..
  cd gauge group
  print gauge group

Then, these 10 commands are executed automatically and the corresponding output is shown on the computer screen.

\(bu NOTE. If one or more orbifold models with certain labels are already stored in their orbifold directories, i.e. they were already loaded, then new models with the same labels will not be loaded after the execution of the command load orbifolds(Filename) or load orbifold(Filename). The original orbifold models (those that share the same labels as the new ones) will remain in their orbifold directories. The alert message 

 Orbifold labeled "filename" already exists. 

will appear in the prompt if this happens.  

.SH AUTHOR
E. Escalante-Notario, R. Perez-Martinez, S. Ramos-Sanchez and P.K.S. Vaudrevange

.SH SEE ALSO
Related here article, additional documentation.

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Reporting bugs and problems, in this link https://github.com/StringsIFUNAM/nonSUSYorbifolder/issues/new

.SH VERSION
1.0
